https://c1u4xg.email/2048/state/p/110/2201/5295763.html

Panlong - Avatar Color Biography
Author: csxdsb
Prologue

Linley finally became a master of the Great Perfection, and he practiced unremittingly every day.

Finally, one day, in the luxurious mansion of the Baruch family of the Qinglong clan, a powerful wave of the law of heaven and earth came. Everyone felt that they were all excited. Linley's fire god avatar finally reached the realm of the upper god. At this point, lei has four avatars of gods, water, earth, wind, and fire, and all of them have reached the realm of the upper gods, so that his strength will completely surpass the great perfection.

The family members and brothers at the entrance were all waiting for Linley to leave the customs, but he was trying to integrate divine power. When he heard a voice transmission, he said that he was cultivating, so everyone calmed down and dispersed.


One day, Linley's wife, Delia, and Bebe's wife, Niss, were chatting together.

"Sister Delia (as Nis calls her husband Beibei), you are so lucky! Boss Linley has liked you for so many years, hee hee, Boss Linley is so powerful, I don't know how many goddesses want to seduce him. ~" Although Niss has become a mother, she is still playful like a girl.

"Little Niss, hum! I believe in Linley the most. We have been husband and wife since mortals!"

"Hehe~ Then~ I'll ask you something. Are you~ are you and Boss Linley still like that at night~ um~ are you still so passionate~?"

Delia was also blushing, and scolded with a smile: "You little girl (although Niss is very big, but the girl's personality remains the same), ask such a shy question, find a fight~"
"Hmm~ Don't fight~~ Sister, sister cares about you~ You think, you have been married for thousands of years, and the passions and love at the beginning are almost tired. After becoming a god, although There are endless years, but there are also endless loneliness~ Even if the boss of Linley always cares and loves you, if the passion between the two is not enough, it is easy to have problems." Nisi said slowly and seriously.

Delia frowned when she heard Xiumei, and said helplessly: "But what can I do? We have been married for thousands of years, where can we find passion? I didn't know what to do for a long time." Delia was also very frank to this close friend.

"Ah, that's it. I think about it~~ um! Then when you two fall in love, it's nothing~ just~ is there no special move or something?"

"This~ of course there is, it's only for thousands of years, no matter how many~ that way of playing, it's not enough." Delia felt that it was still a bit embarrassing to discuss the details of sex with her husband with outsiders.

"Hee hee~~ Does Sister Delia know about me and Beibei..." Nisi's face became more and more red, and a hint of seductiveness flowed out, "Beibei and I have a lot of moves~ Humph! I really don't know. This little mouse is usually silly, but at night, it's still so~ ashamed."

Delia looked at Nisi's seemingly indignant face, but she was actually full of happiness and spring, and she was also very envious. After all, she and Linley had been married for thousands of years. Although the two had also developed countless postures and ways of making love, they were very early on. I didn't feel much anymore. After hearing what Nisi said, Delia became curious and asked hurriedly: "Good Ni Ni, come, tell my sister, hee hee, that little mouse that was lying on Linley's shoulder back then. How did you do it~"

Niss was reminiscing about those shy yet so exciting things, and she held back her shyness and said to Delia without reservation: "Sister, you don't know, Beibei is the most hateful. Hee hee, he~ um, Sister, you know that God~ God can incarnate."

Delia nodded her head, after becoming a god, she can indeed transform into someone else, ah! Transformed? Could it be~~~

Seeing Delia's astonishment, Niss was even more shy: "Bebe is broken, he~ when he is with people, he always turns himself into another man, but his whole body has changed, and ~~He's good or bad~ I also learned to talk to Nini in that person's tone, and Nini often couldn't tell the difference. Really, watching her being played by other men is really exciting. Now~~~" Niss gradually let go, her face intoxicated.

Delia's conjecture came true, let her think about it, she was also pressed and fucked by other men, then~ God, it's too embarrassing, Delia covered her pretty face, her eyes were flushed, and her body became hot. .

"Also, elder sister, Beibei's body is the God-devouring Rat, he~he used his body to have sex with me~ really, he was pressed by a big mouse, um~~~" Niss said He even groaned as he spoke.

Delia was even more shocked. She opened her mouth and looked at Niss with a look of surprise: This babe, but~ can really play tricks, mice... mice...
The more she talked, the more excited she became, and she started to talk about her secret affairs with her husband: "Sister~ Beibei often turns herself into my brother Salomon. Beibei hates my brother to the death, but she becomes He was the most excited when my brother was, and we were so happy when we were doing it. I was brought up by my brother, and now I can have sex with my dear brother and be with my husband. The feeling is the most special~~ Hee Hee, sister, you don't know, Beibei told me, after my brother played me, he didn't hate him much when he thought of my brother, and said~ He said that as long as he saw my brother, he thought of me being played by my brother, and he would Very excited, really~really."

Seeing the look in Niss' winking eyes when she talked about her brother, it was funny, but her brother Dixie's appearance vaguely appeared in her mind.

"Also~ uh~ Beibei~ he still~ looks like Lin Lei's boss~~ haha~ ah, don't scratch me~ itchy~~ Don't be jealous~ hehe~ sister, I have done it with Lin lei's boss too. Ah~"

Delia was even more ashamed when she came back to her senses, scratching Nisi's itch, the two of them quarreled for a while, and then slowly calmed down, but the beautiful and charming faces of the two girls were all red and mouth-watering.

"Sister~ Don't blame me~ Hee hee, isn't this cheap Linley~ Even I got fucked by him. Big sister~ Big sister can also try it, it's really exciting, big sister, you don't know, after all these years, Nini has been fucked by countless men~~ cluck~ Sister, you think, every night is gentle with her husband, but every day is a different man, and sometimes they are acquaintances, chatting and talking together during the day, you It's you, I'm me, but at night~~ Hee hee, we'll go to bed, let me tell you a secret~~ Actually, all the men in this mansion and your Baruch family~ are all with Nini did it~~that~ that sister's son Taylor and grandchildren have also fucked their aunt and grandma's oh~~ah~"

Hearing the blushing, Delia scratched again in shame, but she also fantasized about the feeling of her sons and grandchildren playing with Sister Niss in front of her, and she couldn't help feeling wet.

"Sister~ what do you think, we were chatting with some of Linley's brothers, Yale, who was the boss, but at night, but... and ah, they all played with them at night, but during the day, nothing was the same, just now I The thought of being given to that by the man in front of him yesterday, yet he didn't know anything about telling us the story of the Magnolia Continent, really made Nini~~ hee hee..."

Delia was completely immersed in Niss's words and fantasized.

"Actually, there is the most outrageous thing~ This little Beibei is a big mouse herself, so~ I especially like to use the methods of those~ animals." Nisi seemed to think of something again, and the little face with a pink face was more than the first. flirtatious.

"Ah? Animal~ Oh, it's Bei Bei who made you a big mouse~ Mmmm, so ugly."

"Where, I won't turn into a mouse, yes~ it's Beibei, who often turns into animals, such as pigs, dogs, and those monsters, but the body of the four beasts has changed many times~ And~ and he made the bottom like those animals, really, oh~"

Hearing this, Delia felt even more unbearable as Niss moaned, rubbing her legs unconsciously to reduce the sadness of her lower body.

"Sister, do you think, if this is the case, the passion between you and Boss Linley will never be weakened~~"

Delia felt her lower body getting more and more wet, she was shy, twisted her butt and ran away. Only Niss was left there, fantasizing about the fierceness of last night, and Leia was also moved. It had been a thousand years with Linley, and she seldom had sex. The thousand years were too long, and she didn't like to practice. For hundreds of years, I feel very lonely. Even though the two of them don't get together very often, they have been together for more than a thousand years. They have tried almost every boudoir fun they can think of, but they are all tired of it early. Furthermore, as there are more and more children such as his sons and grandsons, and listening to being called old grandmother, he gradually feels that he is getting old. In fact, he was still the body of a young girl when she first became a woman, and Linley was facing a crisis almost all the time. Over the years, there has been little time to relax, practice, fight, and take revenge. As the closest person, Delia can also feel that Linley is strong. A tired heart beneath the exterior.

Now that Linley is finally consummated, hee hee~~ Then wait for him to go out, comfort him, and ~ also try with him~~~ ah~ yes, lei has 4 clones, this~ ah~ if he is caught 5 people...

 …

Ten years passed in the blink of an eye, and Lin Lei, who had completed his cultivation, finally got out.

Delia hugged Linley affectionately, looking at him with infinite love and longing in his eyes. Linley was a little strange, Delia rarely showed such an affectionate expression, recalling how hard she had been through all these years and having little time to accompany her wife, she also said guiltily, "Delia, I have nothing to do now, and my practice has reached a certain point. At this stage, I will definitely accompany you in the future, and I will hug my wife even tighter.

Delia heard that her heart was full of tenderness. Then she thought of being with Lin Lei at night, and she couldn't help showing her fascination. She looked at Lin Lei in a blurry voice, and said softly, "Lin Lei, at night~ we are at night~"

Linley saw his wife's charming appearance, and his hands rubbed her plump and delicate body. When he heard the words, he was also on fire, and his big hands covered her very upturned buttocks... Chapter 1 Clone Author: csxdsb

During the day, I celebrated with my brothers and relatives. At night, I accompanied Delia, who was getting weaker and weaker, back to the bedroom. Although God no longer needs to rest, there is no need to divide the night and the day, but Linley and the others are all mortals. Become a god, so still maintain the original habit. During the day, I celebrated with my brothers and relatives. At night, I accompanied Delia, who was getting weaker and weaker, back to the bedroom. Although God no longer needs to rest, there is no need to divide the night and the day, but Linley and the others are all mortals. Become a god, so still maintain the original habit.

Back in the room, the two immediately hugged each other. They had just drank a lot of alcohol, and they didn't use their divine power to resolve them. They both felt their bodies were hot. Back in the room, the two immediately hugged each other. They had just drank a lot of alcohol, and they didn't use their divine power to resolve them. They both felt their bodies were hot.

Although the two are elegant and dignified in front of others, and serious and serious, but the so-called ladies in front of people, sluts in the back, and the performance of people in the boudoir cannot be measured by their usual impressions. Although the two are elegant and dignified in front of others, and serious and serious, but the so-called ladies in front of people, sluts in the back, and the performance of people in the boudoir cannot be measured by their usual impressions. Even Olivia, who is as cold as ice, can hook up with a married man and two children, not to mention that Linley and Delia have been married for thousands of years, and they have loved them hundreds of thousands of times. Seeing through the fun of the boudoir, finding unlimited fun, and playing countless tricks, the two of them are just like this. When they enter the boudoir, one is lewd and coquettish, and the other is absurd. Even Olivia, who is as cold as ice, can hook up with a married man and two children, not to mention that Linley and Delia have been married for thousands of years, and they love them hundreds of thousands of times, no matter how old-fashioned they are. They can penetrate the fun of the boudoir, find unlimited fun, and play countless tricks. This is how the two of them are. When they enter the boudoir, one is lewd and coquettish, while the other is absurd.

Linley opened his big mouth to cover Delia's slightly opened mouth, his tongue stuck directly into her mouth and sucked, intertwining with Delia's fragrant tongue. Linley opened his big mouth to cover Delia's slightly opened mouth, his tongue stuck directly into her mouth and sucked, intertwining with Delia's fragrant tongue.

Linley clasped Delia's plump buttocks tightly, kneading as hard as he could, feeling the plumpness and softness in his hands. Delia's buttocks were attacked, and it was even more unbearable. He also desperately sucked Linley's tongue and swallowed. He let out a seductive moan from his nose as the saliva dripped into his mouth. Linley clasped Delia's plump buttocks tightly, kneading as hard as he could, feeling the plumpness and softness in his hands. Delia's buttocks were attacked, and it was even more unbearable. He also desperately sucked Linley's tongue and swallowed. He let out a seductive moan from his nose as the saliva dripped into his mouth. The enchanting body was squirming in Lin Lei's arms, and the plump and towering breasts were pressed against Lin Lei's chest, which was very uncomfortable. The enchanting body was squirming in Lin Lei's arms, and the plump and towering breasts were pressed against Lin Lei's chest, which was very uncomfortable.

Lin Lei's thoughts moved, and the two's clothes instantly turned into nothingness, and the friction between flesh and flesh made them even more lustful. Lin Lei's thoughts moved, and the two's clothes instantly turned into nothingness, and the friction between flesh and flesh made them even more lustful.

After a while, their lips parted, and a silver thread connected their mouths. After a while, their lips parted, and a silver thread connected their mouths. Linley was still rubbing Delia's buttocks with one hand, while the other hand penetrated through her tight buttocks, all the way to Delia's plump and slippery pussy, fiddling with his fingers. She had a few soft pussy lips, and occasionally hooked into her wife's cave and digged it. It was extremely warm and horny. Linley was still rubbing Delia's buttocks with one hand, while the other hand penetrated through her tight buttocks, all the way to Delia's plump and slippery pussy, fiddling with his fingers. She had a few soft pussy lips, and occasionally hooked into her wife's cave and digged it. It was extremely warm and horny.

Delia leaned against Linley's arms and gasped for breath, and put her small mouth close to Linley's ear: "Ah~~ oh~~ don't~~ don't pick it~~ ah, I~~ I have something to do, um~~ good or bad, again~ And get behind the others~~oh~~husband,you~~you have four avatars, Lily wants~~Lily wants you to be together~~hmm~oh~~" Delia leaned against Linley's arms and gasped. , the small mouth moved closer to Linley's ear: "Ah~~oh~~don't~~don't dig~~ah, I~~I have something to do, um~~ good or bad, and I'll get behind him again~~oh~~husband, You~~ what about your four avatars, Lily wants~~ Lily wants you to be together~~ um~ oh~”

Linley is so smart, when he heard Delia's voice, he immediately understood: I'm so stupid, how come I forgot to use my doppelganger all these years, I imagined 5 of them playing with my wife at the same time, and the thick penis in the lower body immediately stood up, straight to Di Leah's belly. How smart is Linley, when he heard Delia's voice, he immediately understood: I'm so stupid, how come I forgot to use my doppelganger all these years, and when I imagined 5 of them playing with my wife at the same time, the thick penis in the lower body immediately stood up straight, Delia's belly.

In fact, lei and delia have been married for thousands of years, and they have tried almost all the games in the boudoir, such as SM, backyard, field battle, rape games, etc., but how long is a thousand years, less than a few hundred years, the two It felt like there was no passion when making love, so as long as the two of them thought of new ways to play, they couldn't wait to try it out. This time, Delia's words made Linley feel infinitely exciting. In fact, lei and delia have been married for thousands of years, and they have tried almost all the games in the boudoir, such as SM, backyard, field battle, rape games, etc., but how long is a thousand years, less than a few hundred years, the two It felt like there was no passion when making love, so as long as the two of them thought of new ways to play, they couldn't wait to try it out. This time, Delia's words made Linley feel infinitely exciting.

Delia felt Linley's thickness and let out a breath. She knew that Linley must have been excited by the thought of being fucked by several people. Delia felt Linley's thickness and let out a breath. She knew that Linley must have been excited by the thought of being fucked by several people.

The two had a tacit understanding for thousands of years, and four naked Linleys with the same appearance immediately appeared in the room—wind, fire, earth, and water. The two had a tacit understanding for thousands of years, and four naked Linleys with the same appearance immediately appeared in the room—wind, fire, earth, and water.
