The joy of exchange


Speaker: irresistible

　　One spring evening, my husband, Ah Wei, was concentratingly reading a pictorial. I took the cans out of the freezer
Beer, placed in front of him.
　　"Just leave it alone, I've drank a lot of water," he said. But when I filled him with a glass of beer, he
Gugu gulps it down. However, his eyes were immediately fixed on the page of the pictorial. At this time, I also turned behind him,
Look at the pictorial page in his hand. It really surprised me all of a sudden.
　　"Oh, I thought you saw something!" I said. Because I saw a striking color picture, it was a
A woman is having sex with two men. The woman is lying on her hands and feet, a man is attacking her from behind, and
The woman gave oral sex to another man standing in front of her, as if with relish, saliva flowed, making people feel that she was not
Often downstream.
　　Without looking back, my husband said to me, "This is called "Heavenly Acacia", are you interested in trying it?"
　　I immediately replied: "No! Those who do this kind of thing are all perverted characters!
　　It's not that I don't know any men other than my husband, but I can't say anything about this kind of sex.
　　My husband added: "A lot of people have been playing this game recently, and this kind of gameplay is actually neither perverted nor deviant.
is morbid. Let's try it too, shall we? "
　　When I saw his expression, it wasn't a joke, which made me startled. So I said firmly:
"You die! You can't be like Sun Wukong, one becomes two. Ask me to have sex with others, even if
You can, I can't do it! "
　　When I said this, I actually shouted loudly. But the husband said lightly: "I always feel that we used to
That monotonous way of sex is no longer exciting enough! And there will be no children. It's not that I don't have love for you, I
only
　　Since this day, I have been very restless in my heart, and spent my days mixed with fear and anticipation. about
After a month, the time has finally come to really play the "three-player game".
　　One day, my husband called home from outside and reminded me, "I'm going to bring a man back, you need to pack up.
Get out of the bathroom and get ready to let people take a shower! "
　　I finished listening to the phone, my heart skipping a beat. What kind of man will the opponent be? What will we use
What about making love? While I was thinking about it like this, the doorbell rang.
　　"This is my wife! Come in, come in!" The husband introduced me to the man he brought. this man is big
About thirty years old, he is a handsome and shy man, but he is no stranger to me, he was in high school
Zhiming, who is obsessed with me. Although she is the target of many girls, but I hate his playboy
style, so I ignored him. Now, just by the way he looked at me with lustful eyes, it proves that he is still a very
Lustful man. I heard that he already has a family. I don't know how my husband found him.
　　"Mrs. Wei, I haven't seen you for so many years, you are still so beautiful!" He saw my waist from my chest, and then saw me
The thigh under the skirt, his eyes swept all over my body, I couldn't help frowning.
　　"Go and take a shower first!" After Zhiming sat down on the sofa, my husband drove me into the bathroom, and then I didn't know what they said
What happened, I only heard the two men chatting with each other. Probably because of the thought of the sex that is about to begin
What's the matter, my panties are wet, my cheeks are flushed like an orgasm is coming, and my eyes are shining
Glowing, the mirror of the bathroom reflected my face as if it were another woman's.
　　After coming out of the bathroom, I saw two men enjoying the third-level video disc with relish, and both of them were very enthusiastic.
enter. I said to them "You guys go shower too, the bathroom is ready!
　　My husband smiled and said to Zhiming, "I'll go take a shower first, you all sit down!"
　　Zhiming and I were the only ones left in the living room, and the close-up pictures of a man and a woman having sex were still showing on TV. I felt very
I'm sorry, but Zhiming praised my husband's private collection of DVDs as wonderful.
　　My husband came out soon. After Zhiming entered the bathroom, my husband immediately put in my ear and said, "Wait a minute.
When he comes out, you can take the initiative to let him touch and let him have sex with you, but don't kiss him. If he asks you to speak for him again
When handing over, you must not promise! "
　　"Humph! Are you jealous?" I thought, nodding in agreement immediately. And Zhiming, who had finished taking a shower over there, was red.
Stripped out of the bathroom, I saw that his cock was two inches longer than my husband's. He sat down beside me,
Ashamed, I turned my body to the other side. Unexpectedly, my husband immediately pushed me down on the carpet and ripped off my panties. I
The skirt was quickly taken off, and the lower body was completely exposed.
　　At this point, my husband put my body on the sofa, grabbed my ankles, and lifted my thighs high
Get up and spread my legs apart.
　　"Hurry up! Don't do this, you're embarrassed!" I immediately covered my flesh with my palm, while Zhiming immediately
Walking up to me, he got between my legs and pushed away my hands that were covering my lower body. At this time, I think of myself the most mysterious
The most shameful part of me was completely exposed in front of a man other than my husband, and the blood rushed to my mind immediately.
Excited to the extreme, and this man's lustful eyes stared straight at my mysterious part.
　　At this time, Zhiming kissed my lower body with his warm, soft, and slippery lips, and stuck out the tip of his tongue.
my clitoris. Dudd's lips sucked in a completely different way than my husband's, the hard tip of his tongue, strongly stimulated
It was the first time I felt sexually assaulted by another man.
　　"Ah! You!" I was gradually excited by Zhiming's ingenious tongue movements, and I was about to die immediately.
The way I live, I really can't stand that kind of stimulation, what a shame it is, I just use my eyes to signal to my husband,
He hurry to save me.
　　But at this time, the husband's two eyes were red, and the whole face was blushing just by seeing him raise his eyebrows. he
He looked at me and said, "How do you feel? Be comfortable! Stimulate it! In front of me, another man licks your ass.
Lower body, what do you think! "
　　When I heard this from my husband, I couldn't take it anymore, I was so nervous that my chest went up and down and my waist twisted.
Struggling and enduring. Zhiming kept sucking my clitoris, which made it hard and bloodshot. He also has two fingers
Reaching into the slits of the flesh to stir, the pleasure concentrated in the slits of the flesh made the love fluid overflow, and the whole body was wet and slippery.
　　My legs were twitching and twitching, and my husband's hands were gripping my ankles even harder.
Then, I soon had my first orgasm. Probably after a woman's body was teased by a man and reached an orgasm,
Psychologically, I want to make this man do it again, I half-closed my eyes, gasped for breath, and waited
As Zhiming invaded my body again, I actually wanted it more and more.
　　Zhiming smiled and said to me: "Mrs. Wei, let's play with you this time with two men! Please lie on your hands and feet.
Come on, let me play with you at the same time as your husband! "
　　This man may have reached the point where he can't bear it anymore. When I lay on the ground and raised my buttocks,
A man's thick cock was quickly inserted into my lower body. My mysterious slit holds my bouncy cock tightly
Hold on, I didn't look back to see who it was, but I knew it must be Zhiming's cock.
　　"Mrs. Wei, may I ask your husband's comparison, who is thicker? You shrink your flesh and think about it.
Think! "Dade said with a smile.
　　I didn't answer, it was my husband who was thick, and Zhiming's was longer. deep penetration of his cock
Entering my body, it also shakes my belief in sticking to womanhood. Zhiming's hands are kneading my breasts, his cock head
It hit my uterus again and again. I didn't dare look up at my husband, but I finally couldn't help moaning. At once
At this point, my husband stood in front of me and fed his big hard cock into my small mouth. I think of the one in the pictorial
Woman, I'm in the same situation as her right now. But I don't have any nasty feelings anymore, coming from my vagina
I also sucked hard on my husband's cock with the gust of pleasure from Dudd's cock thrusting, and I finally
Got an orgasm again.
　　At this moment, Zhiming's cock jerked a few times and plunged deep into my vagina, hopping in and out of my vagina.
Cum came out of my vagina. I screamed and spat out my husband's cock in excitement, but my husband also ejaculated at the same time
. A few drops of semen splattered on my face, and I hurriedly put my husband's cock head in my mouth again and let him ejaculate in my mouth.
　　After I swallowed my husband's cum in my mouth, I continued to suck on his cock, but he was starting to get soft.
Zhiming's cock was still stuck in my vagina after ejaculation, and he continued stroking my breasts. At this
On the one hand, I think he's a little better than my husband, who usually gets tired quickly once he ejaculates, and he's done.
The aftermath is all up to me. But now Zhiming not only gave me post-orgasm comfort, but also held me in his arms, using
Tissue wipes for me.
　　Still, ashamed to let him do it in front of my husband, I grabbed the tissue, covered my pussy and walked into the bathroom,
I took off the tissue and saw the slushy juice pouring out of my vagina. After hurriedly rinsing with the shower, I wrapped a towel around my body,
I took a wet towel and went back to the living room to cleanse my husband and Zhiming respectively.
　　My husband ripped off the towel from me and told me to sit naked among them and continue watching porn. the two of them
The four hands of the individual kept moving around my body. Two men playing with me while watching tv screen
The bed scene, while chatting.
　　Zhiming said to my husband: "Mr. Wei, your wife is so beautiful, she was your classmate and I wanted to chase her but couldn't.
Beautiful girl, today you finally got my wish. In order to thank you, I will invite you and your wife to come to my house in two days.
Let my wife play with you too. Is it good? "
　　My husband smiled and said, "Of course I'm fine! But, does our wife like it or not?"
　　Zhiming stroked my breasts and asked, "Mrs. Wei, my wife absolutely listens to me, I wonder if you are willing to show me your face.
Come to my house to play? "
　　I bowed my head and said, "I also listen to my husband."
　　Zhiming said with a smile: "That's good, it's a deal, two days from now it's the weekend, we're ready for dinner, and when we arrive
You must go there! "
　　My husband said, "Okay, let's try your wife's craft."
　　Dud said with a smile: "My wife is not only good at cooking, she is also good at ventriloquism, you can let her try it, and then talk to her.
Your wife makes a comparison. Also, my wife's mouth can make men happy, her front and back can let me in
Go have fun, then, we must let her try the taste of 'front and rear'. "
　　My husband said, "However, my wife may not like it, so let's not force her."
　　Zhiming said with a smile: "Of course! Everything is up to her interest, and she can even be a spectator, only watching from the side.
The three of us are performing! Is it not? Mrs Wei. "
　　Zhiming said that he was about to kiss me on the mouth. I remembered the explanation from my husband, so I turned my head to avoid it. Zhiming didn't kiss my mouth,
Just leaned up to my chest and sucked my nipples, I looked at my husband, he didn't say anything. I was itchy from Zhiming's kiss
Come, put my body in my husband's arms, but Zhiming took my legs into his arms, his hands on my thighs,
The calves and my fleshy feet were stroked.
　　Zhiming was full of praise for my exquisite feet, and while playing carefully, he said, "Mrs.
How beautiful the feet are, it's really fascinating, I can't wait to eat it! "
　　I smiled and said: "Mr. Ming, I think your wife must be a mermaid without feet, otherwise, her feet will
I will call you to eat! "
　　Seeing that I started joking with him, Zhiming said with joy, "It's a pity that my wife's feet are not as beautiful as yours, no?
Then I must sleep with her feet in my arms every night. "
　　I smiled and said, "You're a foot fetish!"
　　Zhiming said seriously: "I admit it! I want to kiss your feet, okay?"
　　I looked at my husband, and he immediately said, "Amin, I called you today, I just wanted my wife to try it out.
Check out my wife and the other guys! you just play
Bar! I'll just continue to be the audience to see how you please my wife and let me see you and her having sex again! "
　　When Zhiming heard the sound, as if encouraged, he first put my fleshy feet into his mouth, he kissed all over my feet, and
Put my toes in my mouth and suck, and lick my toes with my tongue. I was so tickled by him that my thighs couldn't help
Shake slightly.
　　"It's very comfortable!" Zhiming asked proudly, but I didn't answer him. He continued along my calf, big
Legs kissed all the way to my pussy. He pushed my pussy lips with his tongue, slapped twice on my sensitive little flesh, and I immediately fell in love with him.
His whole body trembled uncontrollably. Worse yet, he licked and drilled my ass with the tip of his tongue. I never thought he would do that. Immediately.
Passionate, a mouthful of yin water rushed out from the vaginal opening, but he seemed to have expected it, and immediately sucked with his lips, and
swallowed. Then he sucked me tirelessly again.
　　At this point, I was hoping he would rape me again, I thought he would stick that long dick in my vagina again, but
He was only teasing, and he didn't give me a full break. If my husband hadn't been there, I would have asked him out loud. this is fatal
Zhiming, while teasing me, he looked at my reaction with the end of his eyes, as if he was saying: "You woman, go
Although I can't get it, I'm not going to let me play in the palm of my hand! "
　　I closed my eyes and tried my best to look like a corpse, but my waist and thighs couldn't bear the urge and couldn't help it
wiggling. It was my husband who knew me best, he said aloud: "Wife, don't endure it, I know you can't stand it.
Stop, you can tell him to plug you in! Amin, you can give her a few treats! If you don't come, I will come, I can
I can't see my wife torture you to death! "
　　Zhiming raised his head, looked at me and smiled. He grabbed my ankles and lifted my tender legs high, my husband
Husband also came to help, he squeezed Zhiming's penis, with a child-like expression, he fed Zhiming's penis into my morning.
Wet little meat holes.
　　Then, while playing with my little feet, Zhiming pumped the long and hard cock into my vagina frequently. my husband
He also cooperated with Dade to stroking and stroking my breasts rhythmically with both hands.
　　Zhiming finally ejaculated in my vagina again, he got dressed and walked away. After I went to the bathroom and rinsed,
My husband both went to bed, I leaned into his arms and said, "Husband, I have been played by other men, you will still be like before.
love me? "
　
　　On the weekend night, my husband and I went to Zhiming's house. Their environment is similar to ours, but there are already two
child. After dinner, Amin's sister came to take the child to his grandma's house. There are only the two of us left in the large and spacious house
Couples who are about to exchange sex. I saw Zhiming's wife, Mrs. Ming, with an unnatural expression. Although I have tried with her husband
He had sex, but he was embarrassed in front of his wife.
　　The two men discussed in a low voice for a while, and finally started to act. First, Amin and I entered the bathroom together. The bathroom
Although the door was wide open, this time, because my husband had no restrictions on me, I was obediently at the mercy of Amin.
Amin asked me for a kiss, and I kissed him wetly. Amin has a lot of tricks, he told me to bend down and put my hands on the edge of the bathtub
Putting his ass up and he shoved his dick from behind me into my pussy and then squirted and shoved it and he said it was a
The best way to flush the vagina. Then he carefully washed my body again. We spent more than half an hour, during which
I looked into the living room and saw that my husband and Mrs Ming were also doing something. He and she are also kissing and flirting, my husband's hand
Has reached into Mrs. Ming's clothes and stroked her breasts, and Mrs. Ming's hand is also holding my husband's sexual device.
　　After we came out, we sat on the sofa and worked. I sat face to face with Armin in his arms,
Then put on his cock. My tits are clinging to his wide boobs, it's a wonderful feeling, but Armin wants to touch me
feet, so I turned and sat in his arms with my back to him, still with his cock in my cunt.
　　At this time, I could clearly see the spring light in the bathroom, and I saw my husband and Zhiming's wife were not at all
Hanging on the ground and playing in the water, Mrs. Ming is no longer as shy as she was just now, only seeing that she is helping my husband wash his penis, she does not
Washed by hand, but with her mouth. She took a sip of hot water first, then breathed on my husband's cock. See
From the look on my husband's face and his big cock up high, he must be enjoying himself. I
The husband also used his big cock as a brush, like Amin just now, to wash Mrs. Ming's vagina. The two also stayed in the bathroom
It took more than half an hour before they both walked out of the bathroom naked. At this time, I saw that Mrs. Ming's figure was very green. her size
Taller than me, with an athletic build, her breasts are bigger than mine.
　　But I also have my own characteristics, men who like small and exquisite women may be more attracted to me. as if the current
Amin, it's not that you can't put it down and play with me in your arms. I took a look at Mrs. Ming's feet. Her husband didn't talk nonsense.
My feet are much more beautiful than hers.
　　At this time, Mrs. Ming officially had sex with my husband. She took the initiative completely and my husband was just lying comfortably in the sand
On the hair, everything is done by Mrs. Ming, who is in good shape. She gave my husband first blowjob, and I sighed at how good her ventriloquism was
No, she can swallow my husband's cock almost whole, and if I did like her, I would have eaten what I just ate.
All vomited. I said to Amin: "your wife is really interested, I can't compare to her."
　　A Ming said with a smile: "When you play with me, don't imitate her! You have your benefits! I am
I like how different you are from her! "
　　I raised my head, kissed her and said, "What good is it for me? You men! Everyone is greedy for newness.
Tired of the old, the wife is always nice! "
　　Amin moved the cock in my vagina and whispered in my ear: "Your advantage is often that you don't
You know, in addition to your lovely fleshy feet, your Taoyuan hole is enough to make me lose your pussy. Your vagina is still very tight and elastic, so you can put my little dick in it, and I don't need to pump it.
Cool! Also, your pussy has no pubic hair, so oral sex for you is especially fun! "
　　I slapped him on the thigh and said, "It's okay to have no hair, you're bullshit, I know the men of our country.
They all call women like us 'white tigers' disaster stars, and I feel inferior because of this! "
　　Amin said with a smile: "You are so stupid, why stick to the mundane? If we all stick to tradition, today
Can you have such a good time at night? Look over there, my wife and your husband are close to orgasm. "
　　I looked over, and sure enough, Mrs. Ming was twisting her waist and wiggling her hips in my husband's arms. She was out of breath.
Red. I also saw my husband's cock being swallowed and spat out by her hairy pussy, and he too was blushing, holding Ming in his hands
Mrs. Snow White's pink buttocks.
　　I whispered in Zhiming's ear: "Amin, take me to the bed and fuck me a few times!"
　　Amin immediately made me turn around, holding my butt with both hands, in a trick "Dragon Boat Hanging Drums" trick,
Frequently thrusting into my vagina, while carrying me to the room. When I got to the room, Amin was about to put me down, but I wanted to
He hugged me for a while, and Amin obediently hugged me and walked around the room.
　　This Armin, I'm starting to think he's a little cute, I can yell at her, it's not like I usually say to my husband
There is another kind of interest in being so convincing, and I can't help but feel good about him. So, I affectionately handed him a
kissed and told him to put me on the bed. Armin seemed to be greatly encouraged, he gently put me on the soft bed
After putting on the mattress, they gave me countless grateful kisses. He kissed all over my body and I was tickled by him
Shit, just to get him to start fucking me.
　　Armin said "yes," and immediately grabbed my ankles, raised my legs, and moved his cock close to him.
Come on, I reach out and take his cock into my hole too. Armin pumped hard, and he brought my pleasure to orgasm. exist
When I was dying, his cum shot fast in my vagina.
　　This night, I slept in Amin's bed. In the middle of the night, my pussy felt wet, so I quietly got up and rinsed
Then I saw my husband and Amin's wife sleeping in another room, he and she hugging each other naked, like
The son is quite affectionate, and I am a little nervous in my heart. When I went back to Amin, I saw that he was sleeping soundly, but I tossed and turned and couldn't sleep.
Go, so I put his soft cock in my mouth and sucked, and after a while, Amin woke up. he saw me suck him
cock, sat up happily, he asked me if I could cum in my mouth, I nodded, but he wanted to go to me again
Pumping in the vagina for a while, of course I will rely on him.
　　This time I took the initiative, I sat in his arms, and when he was about to ejaculate, I took his cock and put him in my mouth
I vented, I swallowed a part of his semen, but kissed him with another part, Amin frowned, finally and I
shared his semen.
　　After that, the two of us had come and gone and lived a colorful sex life. Sometimes I watch my husband and Armin a
I attacked Amin's wife, and when I met her menstruation, I would be taken by them or have fun together. !


[ Cooperative Porn Site ] [ Return to Home ]










        
